"Motion to set aside the default judgment"

1) There was a medical emergency with our cat that prevented me from making it to the court for about an hour and a half. I timely notified the court of the emergency and made it to the court as quickly as I possibly could given my circumstances, which included being prevented from being able to use my vehicle and also a disablement due to being hit on my knees by the person who threw papers at me 'that said there would be a hearing', which aggravated previous injuries that my right knee had sustained. I had to walk from my house on 24th St, NE all the way to the courthouse with a walking stick, while having to worry about our cat, among other things.



2) I have not stalked Kim or committed any act of stalking against anyone. I have not purposefully engaged in any course of conduct directed at any specific individual with the intent to cause any individual to fear for his or her safety or the safety of another person; to feel seriously alarmed, disturbed, or frightened; or to suffer emotional distress; nor do I know, nor have I known that any person would be caused to reasonably fear for their safety or the safety of another person; to feel seriously alarmed, disturbed, or frightened; or to suffer emotional distress; nor should I know, nor should I have known that any reasonable person in any circumstances would fear for their safety or the safety of another person; nor to feel seriously alarmed, disturbed or frightened; nor to suffer emotional distress. I have only engaged in constitutionally protected activity.

    Code of the District of Columbia § 22–3133. Stalking.
      (a) It is unlawful for a person to purposefully engage in a course of conduct directed at a specific individual:
        (1) With the intent to cause that individual to:
          (A) Fear for his or her safety or the safety of another person;
          (B) Feel seriously alarmed, disturbed, or frightened; or
          (C) Suffer emotional distress;
        (2) That the person knows would cause that individual reasonably to:
          (A) Fear for his or her safety or the safety of another person;
          (B) Feel seriously alarmed, disturbed, or frightened; or
          (C) Suffer emotional distress; or
        (3) That the person should have known would cause a reasonable person in the individual’s circumstances to:
          (A) Fear for his or her safety or the safety of another person;
          (B) Feel seriously alarmed, disturbed, or frightened; or
          (C) Suffer emotional distress.
      (b) This section does not apply to constitutionally protected activity.
      (c) Where a single act is of a continuing nature, each 24-hour period constitutes a separate occasion.
      (d) The conduct on each of the occasions need not be the same as it is on the others.